# IntegrityPerformanceTool
Project to build a java application which can read the Integrity Server Statistics.csv files, 
organize them into a data model, and output the information into reports.

This application reads standard format Integrity Server Statistics .csv files generated by the "im stats -csv" CLI command (see the PTC Admin CLI Reference documentation for full options list and usage. The statistics data is then translated and stored in a data model, where it can be organized, analyzed, and finally output into .pdf reports through use of the JasperSoft Jasper Reports library.

Each line of the statistics .csv file is translated into an IntegrityStatistic object, which stores each .csv column value as an instance variable. StatisticsCollection objects hold logical groupings of IntegrityStatistic objects, such as all "Trigger" of "Queries > 200 ms" group statistics. StatisticsLibrary objects hold all StatisticsCollection objects, and are created one-to-one for each statistics .csv file processed.

The application's output, analysis, and report building is highly configurable by modifying the PerformanceTool class main() method and supporting methods. 

The Statistics.csv file to be processed need to be placed in the ./Input folder.
Output reports and .csv files are generated in the ./Output folder.
New or modified JasperReports .jrxml templates must exist in the ./ReportBuildingData folder.
Logging of application activities is generated in the ./Logging folder.
Please review the config.properties prior to execution to setup the files and statistic groups to be processed.
JavaDocs and additional documentation material can be found in the ./Documentation folder.
